# Plant UML Code Generator

This project is aimed to be a Python script to generate code from PlantUML
state machines.

## What is PlantUML?
Probably if you reached here you already know it. But if not, just take a look
[here](http://plantuml.com/).

### Install PlantUML
It's really not needed, but it will be used to validate the PlantUML.

#### Linux
It's easy, just:
```console
sudo apt install plantuml
```
Note that with this installation you'll need

#### Windows
Just install Linux

#### MacOS
Really?

## Supported languages
For the moment only C language will be supported. But I'm planning to make it
template based, so you won't need any specific language support, just the right
template.

## Syntax
This script will generate code based on special syntax inside PlantUML state
machines.

### Transitions
 * **Conditions:**
 * **Actions:**

### States
 * **Entry:**
 * **During:**
 * **Exit:**

## Doxygen
Since this code is autogenerated from an UML, a doxygen documentation will be
created including the UML. Remember that if you want to include UML views inside
Doxygen to change your configuration file for UML_LOOK and PLANTUML_JAR_PATH.


## Why this project?
I am doing this project for fun, there might be other existent projects to do
the same I am doing and probably even better but I am happy to make it from
scratch.

## Note from the author
If you are generating code with this code I want to give you some advice:
 * **DON'T** ever modify generated files. This is **BAD** practice, if you need
 the code changed, change the UML, don't just change the generated code. I will
 try to provide as many options possible to modify the output to your will. And
 even feel free to change the code of the script.
 * To prevent the previous point and generally as a good practice, don't upload
 generated files into your repository. This will encourage people to keep the
 designs well maintained and closer to the reality.
